com/example/grocerie_planner/baby.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.baby
com/example/grocerie_planner/Product.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.Product
com/example/grocerie_planner/higieneActivity.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.higieneActivity
 com.example.grocerie_planner.higieneActivity$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.higieneActivity$2
com/example/grocerie_planner/beautyActivity.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.beautyActivity
 com.example.grocerie_planner.beautyActivity$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.beautyActivity$2
com/example/grocerie_planner/food.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.food
 com.example.grocerie_planner.food$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.food$2
com/example/grocerie_planner/AppDataBase.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.AppDataBase
com/example/grocerie_planner/productDAO.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.productDAO
com/example/grocerie_planner/allcategories.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.allcategories
 com.example.grocerie_planner.allcategories$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.allcategories$2
 com.example.grocerie_planner.allcategories$3
 com.example.grocerie_planner.allcategories$4
 com.example.grocerie_planner.allcategories$5
 com.example.grocerie_planner.allcategories$6
com/example/grocerie_planner/SpiceActivity.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.SpiceActivity
 com.example.grocerie_planner.SpiceActivity$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.SpiceActivity$2
com/example/grocerie_planner/AppDataBaseProduct.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.AppDataBaseProduct
com/example/grocerie_planner/MainActivity.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.MainActivity
com/example/grocerie_planner/higiene.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.higiene
com/example/grocerie_planner/MyList.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.MyList
com/example/grocerie_planner/ListAdapter.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.ListAdapter
 com.example.grocerie_planner.ListAdapter$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.ListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/grocerie_planner/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.BuildConfig
com/example/grocerie_planner/users.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.users
com/example/grocerie_planner/usersDAO.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.usersDAO
com/example/grocerie_planner/beauty.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.beauty
com/example/grocerie_planner/Adapter.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.Adapter
 com.example.grocerie_planner.Adapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.grocerie_planner.Adapter$ViewHolder$1
com/example/grocerie_planner/spices.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.spices
com/example/grocerie_planner/diaryActivity.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.diaryActivity
 com.example.grocerie_planner.diaryActivity$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.diaryActivity$2
com/example/grocerie_planner/login.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.login
 com.example.grocerie_planner.login$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.login$1$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.login$1$1$1
com/example/grocerie_planner/Products.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.Products
com/example/grocerie_planner/MainActivity3.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.MainActivity3
com/example/grocerie_planner/diary.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.diary
com/example/grocerie_planner/signup.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.signup
 com.example.grocerie_planner.signup$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.signup$1$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.signup$1$1$1
com/example/grocerie_planner/babyActivity.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.babyActivity
 com.example.grocerie_planner.babyActivity$1
 com.example.grocerie_planner.babyActivity$2
com/example/grocerie_planner/recipes.java
 com.example.grocerie_planner.recipes
